feat(debugger): Add support for debugging tests (#5208) (#7)
manastech/noir: docs/docs/how_to/debugger/debugging_with_the_repl.md

Upon quitting the debugger after a solved circuit, the resulting circuit witness gets saved, equivalent to what would happen if we had run the same circuit with `nargo execute`.

We just went through the basics of debugging using Noir REPL debugger. For a comprehensive reference, check out [the reference page](../../reference/debugger/debugger_repl.md).

## Debugging a test function

Let's debug a simple circuit:

```rust
#[noir]
fn test_simple_equal() {
    let x = 2;
    let y = 1 + 1;
    assert(x == y, "should be equal");
}
```

> To start the REPL debugger for a test function, using a terminal, go to a Noir circuit's home directory. Then invoke the `debug` command setting the `--test-name` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug a test function using the REPL debugger, navigate to a Noir project directory inside a terminal, and run the `nargo debug` command passing the `--test-name your_test_name_here` argument.
```

```bash
nargo debug --test-name test_simple_equal
```

After that, the debugger has started and works the same as debugging a main function, you can use any of the above explained commands to control the execution of the test function.

### Test result

> The debugger does not end the session automatically. Once you finish debugging the execution of the test function you will notice that the debugger remain in the `Execution finished` state. If you are done debugging the test function you should exit the debugger by using the `quit` command. Once you finish the debugging session you should see the test result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The debugger does not end the session automatically. Once you finish debugging the execution of the test function you will notice that the debugger remains in the `Execution finished` state. When you are done debugging the test function you can exit the debugger by using the `quit` command. Once you finish the debugging session you should see the test result.
```
